<br><br><br>CA2 - React - E-Commerce website<br>2025/5/8<br>In Progress<br>NEXT UP: Submit assignment<br>2025/3/27 to 2025/5/22<br>Attempt 1 Add comment<br>Details<br>1 - Introduction<br>A reactive website will scale and reorder elements to suit the screen size of the device being used to<br>access it. A dynamic website will update the elements of the page without the need for a full reload.<br>In this assignment you will expand upon a skeleton program in order to build a dynamic and reactive<br>e-commerce front end website.<br>2 - Learning outcomes<br>By the end of this assignment, you will:<br>Be able to implement functions using Typescript.<br>Be familiar with how to use React components and hooks.<br>Have a template website that you could expand upon for a portfolio piece.<br>3 - Problem description<br>For this task, you have been provided with a skeleton website, as well as the assets to populate it<br>with. At the moment the site displays the: name, picture, rating, and price of a collection of items for<br>sale. If you type into the search bar, it will only display items that have your search term within their<br>name. You must add the following functionality:<br>An indicator showing the number of search results or products available.<br>The ability to sort the items by: name, price, or rating.<br>The ability to show only in stock items in the search results.<br>Adding or removing items from the shopping basket.<br>Calculate the total cost of products in the shopping basket.<br>4 - Initial setup<br>Assignment-2.zip (https://liverpool.instructure.com/courses/76914/files/12343412?wrap=1)<br>(https://liverpool.instructure.com/courses/76914/files/12343412/download?download_frd=1)<br>Download the skeleton code included above, which is a basic e-commerce website similar to the one<br>shown in lectures. Ensure that you have Node.js installed on your computer, this should come with<br>Vite. Download the zip file of this code and extract it to a suitable place on your computer. If you do<br>not have a computer, connect to the Linux farm and transfer the files. Navigate to the folder in your<br> CA2 - React - E-Commerce website<br> 1/4<br>terminal, and type npm install. Once this installation has completed, type in npm run dev, which<br>should host the website locally for you. Take the localhost address shown in the output and type it<br>into your browser to see the website. There are 4 JSON files included in the   Assets   folder, which<br>are random products 1, 100, 150, and 175. Each of these JSON files contains a list of products to be<br>shown on the website. Each product has the attributes outlined in Table 1, with the images being<br>generated using Adobe Firefly.<br>Table 1: The attributes that are stored for each product<br>Attribute name Note<br>ID This is a unique identifier for each product, and is an integer.<br>name The name for each product.<br>price The price of the product in pounds.<br>category This is the general category of the product.<br>quantity<br>The number of this product that is currently available in stock. This is a non?negative integer.<br>rating This is a real number rating of the product between 0 and 5.<br>image_link The file location of the promotional image.<br>5 - Developing the website<br>5.1 The results indicator<br>When searching for products, it is often useful to know exactly how many products the current<br>search has returned. This can help make the website feel more reactive. In App.tsx there is a<br>results?indicator paragraph tag. Add a notification about how many results or products the current<br>search query has returned. If the search bar is empty, then the the output should be 'n Products'<br>where n is the number of products. If there is only a single product then the output should be '1<br>Product'. If the search bar is not empty, then the output should be 'm Results' where m is the number<br>of products returned by the search query. If there is only a single product returned by the 代 写program、Java
程序query,<br>then it should say '1 Result'. If there are no results returned by a query then the output should be<br>'No search results found'.<br>5.2 Enhance search functionality<br>When looking at a list of products, a useful feature is being able to sort them by some attribute such<br>as price or rating. Add functionality to the select tag inside of the search?bar div, so changing the<br>selected option will result in that form. of sorting being applied to the results. By default the product<br>list should be sorted by name alphabetically from A to Z. Once this task has been completed, add the<br>following functionality to the inStock checkbox input. When this checkbox is ticked, the results<br>should only include products that have a quantity larger than 0. Unticking this checkbox should<br>reverse that behaviour. Hint: this can be accomplished by using a combination of a state and a hook.<br>5.3 Adding to the shopping basket<br> CA2 - React - E-Commerce website<br> 2/4<br>Each product currently has a button underneath that says   Add to basket  . Update this code so that if<br>the quantity of available product is 0, the button instead says   Out of stock   and is disabled. Add a<br>function to<br>the   Add to basket   button that passes the information to a shopping basket variable in App.tsx. This<br>variable should be a list of type BasketItem. Adding multiple instances of the same product should<br>increase the quantity property of the relevant basket instance. Do not worry about disabling the<br>product  s button if the quantity added to the basket is more than the quantity available. Hint: The<br>parent/child example given in Tutorial 4 - question 7 can give you a good starting point.<br>5.4 Visualising the basket<br>Now that the data about the basket is being collected, we should visualise it for the user. If there are<br>no items in the basket then the shopping ? area div should contain a paragraph text saying 'Your<br>basket is empty'. If the shopping basket variable contains a product, then the shopping?area div<br>should contain that information. Each item in the basket should be surrounded by a div with the<br>class 'shopping-row', and a suitable key such as the name of the item. Inside of that div there should<br>be another div with the class   shopping-information  , and a button with   Remove   text. The   shopping?information   div should contain a paragraph tag which shows the information about the product in<br>the format [Productname] (  [Productprice]) ? [Productquantity] eg 'Hat 4 (  45.58) - 1'. When the<br>  Remove   button is pressed, then the quantity of that product in the basket should be reduced by 1.<br>If pressing that button reduces the quantity of the product to 0, then that item should be removed<br>from the shopping basket. Inside the shopping?area div after all of the products there should be a<br>paragraph tag with the total cost of the shopping basket. This should be in the form. of Total:   <br>[Totalbasketcost] eg 'Total:   45.58'. This value should be shown to 2 decimal places.<br>6 - Marking<br>Two files, App.tsx and ProductList.tsx, should be submitted through the Codegrade submission<br>platform. This will account for 10% of your overall module score. You may use any library that comes<br>with a default installation of Node.js. Your work will be submitted to an automatic<br>plagiarism/collusion detection system, and those exceeding a threshold will be reported to the<br>Academic Integrity Officer for investigation regarding adhesion to the university  s policy<br>7 - Deadline<br>The deadline is 23:59 GMT Monday the 8th of May 2025. Late submissions will have the typical 5%<br>penalty applied for each day late, up to 5 days. Submissions after this time will not be marked.<br> CA2 - React - E-Commerce website<br> 3/4<br>This tool needs to be loaded in a new browser window<br>Load CA2 - React - E-Commerce website in a new window<br> CA2 - React - E-Commerce website<br> 4/4<br><br><br>加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
